Update faq.md - when to use (#145)
Rocket-Rescue-Node/rescue-ui: docs/src/faq.md

# FAQ
<details>
  <summary>When should I use the Rescue Node?</summary>

> The Rescue Node is for when your Consensus or Execution layer clients need troubleshooting or maintenance and those processes have to be stopped. The Rescue Node needs to connect to your Validator client in order to function. So you should use the Rescue Node, for example, when syncing the chain, troubleshooting an execution client problem, or switching clients. You _should not_ use the Rescue Node when your entire machine is not functional or offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rescue Node is for when your Consensus or Execution layer clients need troubleshooting or maintenance and those processes have to be stopped. Your Validator Client needs to be able to connect to the Rescue Node in order to function. You should use the Rescue Node, for example, when syncing the chain, troubleshooting an execution client problem, or switching Execution Clients. You _should not_ use the Rescue Node when your entire machine is not functional or offline. You _should not_ use the Rescue Node when simply updating client versions, or resyncing your Consensus Client with checkpoint sync.
```

Some language tweaks- look ok @nixorokish ?

Author: yes! Also found a good use case today - have a sync committee coming up and finally got my act together to ask for help troubleshooting some orphaned blocks a few weeks ago. Attesting is fine, so was being complacent. Turns out it's likely my SSD - can't switch it out in time, so might monitor how it goes and end up using the Rescue Node if performance is poor
